So a small service that can come up in the exam
is a billing service called "Cost Explorer"
which is used to visualize, understand, and manage
your AWS costs and usage over time.
It allows you to create custom reports
that analyze your cost and usage data.
And so with this, you get dashboards and diagrams and so on.
And so, you can analyze your data at a high level,
for example, total cost and usage across all accounts.
But you can also go down to get it monthly, hourly,
or at the resource level granularity.
And then thanks to Cost Explorer,
you can do some cost savings
because it allows you to choose an optimal Savings Plan
to lower the prices on your bill.
You can forecast usage as well up to 12 months in the future
based on previous usage
which can be very helpful for cost planning.
So if we look at Cost Explorer, here's an example,
we get to "Monthly cost" by AWS Service.
And in this example, we can see, for example,
that some instances based on instance type
can be more expensive than others.
And so we can sort optimizing our cost
asking ourselves the question
"Are these instances correctly used?"
"Are they maximally used?"
"Are they the right size," these kind of things.
Then we can get also "Hourly and Resource Level."
So in this example, we get, again,
some easy to instance resource level information
and we get the cost over time.
So we can see what happens every single hour
to get a better breakdown and understanding of our bill.
This is also to find, as I said, a savings plan.
So Savings Plan is an alternative to reserve instances.
We have seen this and so thanks to Cost Explorer
we get this little,
a little pop-up that will come up
and it will tell us what kind of savings plan
we can have based on our usage.
And they will give us some recommendation
and give us some estimated monthly spend and so on.
So this is quite handy.
Finally, we can forecast usage.
So based on previous cost that we had in the past
we can get some forecast and some confidence of the forecast
around how much we're expected to pay for our bill
based on our previous usage.
And that could be quite helpful.
So these kinds of use cases can come up in the exam.
And this is probably the only billing service
that AWS will ask you in the exam.
So that's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.